we have beautiful day ahead
This is new file has been added to git
Checking newly Created Jenkins Job1
sffff
New Changes



Tesco
===========
- Developped Terra-form script for AWS Infrastructure Customer Infra product.
- Written AWS lambda functions using python script for AWS compliance.
- Chef Cookbooks for Provisioning Jenkins server.

Capability to create Dynamic CI/CD Jenkins pipeline for Product Location service in Azure or any Environment.
In order to accelerate the development and increase quality of the solution, Automate end to end solution for product Location Service.
As the service owner,they are able to deploy the service automatically to any environment whether It is cloud or any Environment.

Fully automated CD pipeline for Product Location service by using Power shell Scripting . This takes the automation to the next level, where the CD pipeline itself is created with one click.
This will help the Product Location and Range service teams in creating the pipeline for multiple versions in various environments, and in UK and other regions as SRD moves to a service oriented world.

-Provisioning the Jenkins Environment( Using Powershell Script)
-Website Deployment
-DB continuous deployment by DACPAC concepts
-Execution of integration tests .
-Dynamically Created the Jenkins CD pipeline; so everything is on fly.

This solution is used across all the projects in a property cell.

Technologies : Jenkins, Power shell Scripts, TFS 2013, Azure



CI/CD setup for Transport services for Java projects 
Build & Deployment using Hudson(jenkin)
Automation for Commercial Streame Releases,SRD,IL using clearcase, git, Jenkins  and  perl

Optum Bangalore

●	Added DynaTrace Synthethic monitoring for early alerts on system performance.
●	Log monitoring support for both prod and non-prod RWE environments.
●	Automated OSE (Open shift environment) Migration task for OSE 3.2 to 3.9 Environment, monitoring Usage reports, Password change for Performance accounts, Pulling log aggregation size report.
●	Build and deployment Support for RWE applications

